29308 css length units in svg (#29599)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/element/svg/index.md

</svg>
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('nested_svg-elements', 300, 100)}}

> ### Using dynamic viewport lengths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using dynamic viewport units
```

> This example the `height` and `width` attributes, on the `svg` element, are set using the dynamic viewport values `vmin`

Reviewer: One suggestion in this text:
```suggestion
In this example, the `height` and `width` attributes on the `svg` element are set using the dynamic viewport value `60vmin`, equivalent to 60% of the viewport's width or height, whichever is smaller. 
```

Secondly, I like your comment about changing the iframe's dimensions to support the example. I think more people would read that text if it were up here, on a new line underneath _this_ text, such as:

>To change the iframe viewport's dimensions - thus impacting the dimensions of the `svg` - click and drag the iframe's dotted red border from its bottom right corner.
